Create a general page guide (#31)
elixir-europe/infectious-diseases-toolkit: page_guide.md

---
title: <!---Page title--->
description: <!---Short description of the page--->
contributors: [<!---REPLACE THIS with comma separated list of contributors--->]

> page_id: <!---REPLACE THIS with a shortened page name, with small letters and spaces, or an acronym in capital and small letters--->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_id: <!---REPLACE THIS with a shortened page name, with lower case letters and spaces, or an acronym in upper and lower case letters--->
```

related_pages: 

>   showcase: [<!---REPLACE THIS with the page ID of the showcase pages that you want to list here as related pages--->]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  showcase: [<!---REPLACE THIS with the page IDs of the showcase pages that you want to list here as related pages--->]
```

>   human_biomolecular_data: [<!---REPLACE THIS with the page ID of the human_biomolecular_data pages that you want to list here as related pages--->]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  human_biomolecular_data: [<!---REPLACE THIS with the page IDs of the human_biomolecular_data pages that you want to list here as related pages--->]
```

>   human_clinical_and_health_data: [<!---REPLACE THIS with the page ID of the human_clinical_and_health_data pages that you want to list here as related pages--->]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  human_clinical_and_health_data: [<!---REPLACE THIS with the page IDs of the human_clinical_and_health_data pages that you want to list here as related pages--->]
```

>   social_and_economic_impact: [<!---REPLACE THIS with the page ID of the social_and_economic_impact pages that you want to list here as related pages--->]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  social_and_economic_impact: [<!---REPLACE THIS with the page IDs of the social_and_economic_impact pages that you want to list here as related pages--->]
```

>   pathogen_characterisation: [<!---REPLACE THIS with the page ID of the pathogen_characterisation pages that you want to list here as related pages--->]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  pathogen_characterisation: [<!---REPLACE THIS with the page IDs of the pathogen_characterisation pages that you want to list here as related pages--->]
```

training:
  - name:
    registry:
    url:
---

## Concrete topic 1 <!-- Example: Metadata harmonisation-->

> Short explanation of what this topic is about with an emphasis on infectious diseases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Short explanation of what this topic is about and why it is important, with an emphasis on infectious diseases.
```

### Solutions <!-- do not delete this heading and write your text below it -->

> By using bullet point style as much as possible, try to describe when, why and for what is best to use a specific tool or resource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using bullet point list style as much as possible, describe when, why and for what purpose a specific tool or resource should be used. 
```

> Avoid making long list of links to tools and resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Avoid making long lists of links to tools and resources.
```
